I think your best chance for being successful in this field is Thio. Look
at all the different areas within psychology and see what really
ignite your passion. Uh, it's so much easier to taken information and
retain it when it's something that you are truly truly interested
in. So I would not necessarily follow the academic track that you think
is going to reward you with a high paying career of the end of
it. I would I would instead advise you to just pick up a basic psychology
textbook and skim through it and see if there's any, uh, domains
within psychology that just really get you excited and you want to
know more about that. And that's the track that I would say you're
gonna be most successful on.